Nicole Covaliu
Pippin Barr
Cart 253 - Creative Computation I
Tuesday, December 5th, 2023

My Final Project is a game that centers around tuning a tv during a snowstorm, and picking the right channel. I wanted my game to have an easy going premise, with simple mechanics and gameplay. The idea came from listening to one of my favourite Vaporwave musical artist, vcr-classique. I wanted the players to feel at ease when playing the game, so I included a Christmas themed background (mostly due to my holiday spirit) and some background ambience of a snowstorm and a fireplace. While my story does not have a story of anyckind, the added context in the title screen gives a reason as to why you need to tune the television.

Because I was mainly inspired by 80s media, I tried giving the scene a retro feeling by making the tv analog, having the player switch the tv on manually and make the audio indistinguishable if there is too much static. I included some of vcr-classique's music as background tracks to some of the channels, a reference to one of my favourite 80s inspired games which I played recently, Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon, and my favourite 80s cartoon, Jem and the Holograms.

The icons at the top left corner are emojis, meant to represent each of the 7 channels. This gives the player a goal and as well as a reason to explore the different channels. In the right corner of the screen, there is a pop up menu that allows the player to access the controls. Originally, I had them as their own separate screen, but after talking with some friends, they suggested I find a way to have the player access the instrustions and controls during the game to avoid making them memorize all of it. I wanted to make use of all my arrow keys, so the up and down keys are attributed to tuning, while the left and right are for channel surfing. My intention was to feel like the player is using a remote (left and right) and turning a knob (up and down).